README.md, before:

# Designing for users with dyscalculia or low numeracy

## Get the poster

You can:
- [View the accessible poster as HTML](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/abbott567/dyscalculia-poster/blob/main/dist/dyscalculia-poster.html)
- [Download the accessible poster as HTML](https://github.com/abbott567/dyscalculia-poster/raw/main/dist/dyscalculia-poster.zip)
- [Download the poster as a PDF for print](https://github.com/abbott567/dyscalculia-poster/blob/main/dist/dyscalculia-poster.pdf)

## About this poster

This poster was made as an addition to the awesome [Home Office Accessibility posters](https://ukhomeoffice.github.io/accessibility-posters/posters/accessibility-posters.pdf).

This work is an adaptation based on the following conditions:
- the work is available under the Creative Commons
- it has am Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International licence
- the Home Office name and logo has been removed
- appropriate credit has been given and and linked back to the repo

You can read about [how the original Do's and Don'ts posters were developed](https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk/2016/09/02/dos-and-donts-on-designing-for-accessibility/) on the [GOV.UK Accessibility Blog](https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk). 

## Research which informed this poster

### Round numbers up to the nearest whole number
Do not use decimals unless it’s money.

Research has shown that it’s easier for people to understand content when there are fewer digits on the page. 

### Leave space around numbers
Do not overwhelm people with too much content 

Prioritise the most important information for a user, whether that’s numbers or words. 

This is important because dyscalculia can cause numbers to look wavy or appear to jump around on the page. It takes a lot of concentration to read them. 

Dyscalculia often co-occurs with dyslexia, so by making all content (numbers and words) clear and easy to understand, a design is more accessible and inclusive. 

### Fill in the information you already have
Do not expect users to repeat or remember numbers.

Many people with dyscalculia have issues with working memory so remembering numbers is difficult. Let technology to do the work for users instead.

### Use sentences to add context about numbers
Do not use tables or grids without explaining what the numbers mean.

Research has shown that people find it easier to understand utility bills and payment plans when the numbers are presented in sentences. Adding context helps to make the meaning clearer. 

### Let people include spaces when entering numbers
Do not rush users to enter a number accurately.

This is because people might take more attempts to enter numbers accurately. Try not to set any time limits.

### Do user research with people who struggle with numbers
Do not force people to enter a number or do a sum to verify themselves.

People with dyscalculia have trouble doing calculations and recalling math facts and concepts. Forcing people to do sums to verify identity or access a system is likely to exclude them. Tell people about a different way to complete the task which doesn’t involve entering numbers, for instance by using face recognition.

If they must enter a number, let them paste it in or give them a recognisable format to help enter the number. 

## Credits
This poster was designed and created by:
- [Jane McFadyen](https://twitter.com/mcfadyen_jane)
- [Laura Parker](https://twitter.com/LauraParkerUX)
- [Rachel Malic](https://twitter.com/GirlCalledMalic)
      
Thank you to:
- Ollie Sweetman and the Civil Service Dyslexia and Dyspraxia Network
- [Dyscalcula Network](https://www.dyscalculianetwork.com) for consulting on the poster
- [National Numeracy](https://www.nationalnumeracy.org.uk) for reviewing the poster
- [Plain Numbers](https://www.plainnumbers.org.uk) for reviewing the poster
- The people who attended our focus group helping to shape the poster

This HTML version of the poster was developed by: [Craig Abbott](https://twitter.com/abbott567).

Commit message:

Link to German poster from README.md

README.md, after:

# Designing for users with dyscalculia or low numeracy

## Get the poster

You can:
- [View the accessible poster as HTML](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/abbott567/dyscalculia-poster/blob/main/dist/dyscalculia-poster.html)
- [Download the accessible poster as HTML](https://github.com/abbott567/dyscalculia-poster/raw/main/dist/dyscalculia-poster.zip)
- [Download the poster as a PDF for print](https://github.com/abbott567/dyscalculia-poster/blob/main/dist/dyscalculia-poster.pdf)

The PDF version of the poster is also available in other languages:
• [German (de-DE)](https://github.com/martin-jordan/dyscalculia-poster/blob/main/dist/dyscalculia-poster-DE.pdf)

## About this poster

This poster was made as an addition to the awesome [Home Office Accessibility posters](https://ukhomeoffice.github.io/accessibility-posters/posters/accessibility-posters.pdf).

This work is an adaptation based on the following conditions:
- the work is available under the Creative Commons
- it has am Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International licence
- the Home Office name and logo has been removed
- appropriate credit has been given and and linked back to the repo

You can read about [how the original Do's and Don'ts posters were developed](https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk/2016/09/02/dos-and-donts-on-designing-for-accessibility/) on the [GOV.UK Accessibility Blog](https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk). 

## Research which informed this poster

### Round numbers up to the nearest whole number
Do not use decimals unless it’s money.

Research has shown that it’s easier for people to understand content when there are fewer digits on the page. 

### Leave space around numbers
Do not overwhelm people with too much content 

Prioritise the most important information for a user, whether that’s numbers or words. 

This is important because dyscalculia can cause numbers to look wavy or appear to jump around on the page. It takes a lot of concentration to read them. 

Dyscalculia often co-occurs with dyslexia, so by making all content (numbers and words) clear and easy to understand, a design is more accessible and inclusive. 

### Fill in the information you already have
Do not expect users to repeat or remember numbers.

Many people with dyscalculia have issues with working memory so remembering numbers is difficult. Let technology to do the work for users instead.

### Use sentences to add context about numbers
Do not use tables or grids without explaining what the numbers mean.

Research has shown that people find it easier to understand utility bills and payment plans when the numbers are presented in sentences. Adding context helps to make the meaning clearer. 

### Let people include spaces when entering numbers
Do not rush users to enter a number accurately.

This is because people might take more attempts to enter numbers accurately. Try not to set any time limits.

### Do user research with people who struggle with numbers
Do not force people to enter a number or do a sum to verify themselves.

People with dyscalculia have trouble doing calculations and recalling math facts and concepts. Forcing people to do sums to verify identity or access a system is likely to exclude them. Tell people about a different way to complete the task which doesn’t involve entering numbers, for instance by using face recognition.

If they must enter a number, let them paste it in or give them a recognisable format to help enter the number. 

## Credits
This poster was designed and created by:
- [Jane McFadyen](https://twitter.com/mcfadyen_jane)
- [Laura Parker](https://twitter.com/LauraParkerUX)
- [Rachel Malic](https://twitter.com/GirlCalledMalic)
      
Thank you to:
- Ollie Sweetman and the Civil Service Dyslexia and Dyspraxia Network
- [Dyscalcula Network](https://www.dyscalculianetwork.com) for consulting on the poster
- [National Numeracy](https://www.nationalnumeracy.org.uk) for reviewing the poster
- [Plain Numbers](https://www.plainnumbers.org.uk) for reviewing the poster
- The people who attended our focus group helping to shape the poster

This HTML version of the poster was developed by: [Craig Abbott](https://twitter.com/abbott567).
